How dare you hit me
Days don't just hit you
I want to divorce you
Just leave
I don't serve you two
As a result, that year
It was my fault.
I know now that I was wrong
We live well
Can I take care of you women?
What are you like now?
It made me feel unfamiliar.
I'm having a good time with my dad
I don't need you at all.
Mr. Yang's ceremony is about to start
Please clean up the irrelevant personnel.
Hello, people!
Throw this family out for me
What are you doing?
Why are you letting me go?
Wenwen
I am your mother
You asked for it.
No one else's to blame
Mr. Yang, thank you for what happened today.
You are welcome
This is what I should do.
The leaders are almost there.
Get ready for a while.
Give a good speech
Leaders to